Fix errors manager doc (#1610)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/plugins/plugin-context/errors-manager/index.md

Example:
```
{
  "name": "<plugin name>",
  "kuzzleVersion": ">=2.0.0 <3.0.0",
  "errors": {
    "some_error": {
      "code": 1,
      "message": "An error occurred: %s",
      "class": "BadRequestError"
	},
    "some_other_error": {
      "code": 2,
      "message": "An other error occurred: %s",
      "class": "ForbiddenError"
	}
}
```

The `errorsManager` exposes 2 functions:
  - `get(errorId, ...placeholders)`: Returns the corresponding error

>   - `getFrom(error, errorId, ...placeholders)`: Returns the corresponding error but keep the stacktrace from `error`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `getFrom(error, errorId, ...placeholders)`: Returns the corresponding error with its stacktrace taken from the provided `error` argument
```
